---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3 - Performing WODs Technical Essay
date: 2022-02-11
labels:
  - ITM352
  - HTML
  - Javascript
---
## Introduction



[E3 - Performing WODs Technical Essay](https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-preparing-for-WOD.html)

##BrowserHistory6 - SD
BrowserHistory6’s task was to turn the single web page with all the different browser information and pictures into four webpages. The front page has the introduction and the buttons that take you to more information about each browser.

This WOD gave me problems when I was first figuring out how to modify the onmouseover event with the img src. The double quotes and single apostrophes were giving me the most grief. I had to watch the screencast for that one but I try to close it out as soon as possible and do it myself so I don’t rely on it too much. I stumbled on simple mistakes like not capitalizing “innerHTML.”

This WOD had a similar execution to the previous BrowserHistory WODs and combined all of their skills in one exercise.  

## SmartphoneProducts with Variables - RX
This WODs’ purpose was to remove the ‘hard-coding’ and replace them with variables. 

I thought this WOD was fairly simple, the functions weren’t crazy sophisticated and there was mostly copying and pasting. These concepts were basic so I had a good understanding of what was being asked.

Was just tedious because I didn’t know how to use the find and replace, or I didn’t want to try it during my recording. I did make a time consuming mistake of not noticing the second quote was missing when copying the script src.

## Invoice1 - AV
This WOD was to practice using variables and how to utilize them in expressions. We also had to practice and remember commenting.

When I first looked at what to do for the WOD, I had a lot of trouble visualizing what things would look like as I coded. With my limited knowledge, I felt stumped with the options of what I could do to complete this WOD. 

Before every WOD, I always look through the instructions to see if I can understand what is being asked. I’ll try to find the solution through our class readings and figure out how to do it. I take a while to grasp concepts so I end up lightly reviewing a majority of the materials anyways. If I really don’t know what the instructions are asking for, then I will watch that specific part in the solution. When there were two options, I couldn’t even understand how to use it. So I just carefully watched parts that I needed to in the screencast and practiced without recording to see if things worked.

## Conclusion
I enjoy doing these because it’s fun seeing it work and it is nice to do hands-on activity to put functionality to the readings. In my next WODs, I will just jump in without any review to see what I am capable of and what I am able to problem solve.
