---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 - Progress in Programming
date: 2022-03-30
labels:
  - ITM352
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - JS
---
## My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
My programming skills were at a complete zero before taking this class. I feel that now I can grasp the concepts much quicker than in the beginning. The first month of class was extremely difficult but now I see that those concepts were very simple compared to now. My skills have advanced to a point where I can actually search for errors meaningfully because I know what I’m doing now. 
## I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I still feel like I am not very “creative” with my coding. When tinkering with assignment 1, looking at the examples was very confusing and I didn’t know how these functions worked. I still can’t fathom how I’d be able to write that from scratch.
## I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
Yes, though I feel like I couldn’t visualize what the instructions were asking for. I didn’t need to copy the screencast but I did need to use it for assistance sometimes.
## The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
I think the labs are very helpful but I needed to have a go before class so that it could be explained better. I felt that they were often very difficult to complete on my own because it is new material and I didn’t know what the instructions were asking of me.
## I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
I definitely struggled a lot with this lab and it was very helpful because I was able to work through it with my own knowledge. I still feel unconfident with the server.
## I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
I wish there was a lab screencast for when we didn’t finish in class. I was very unconfident in what I was doing and I felt like I didn’t understand some parts because I didn’t get an explanation.
## What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
The WODs, Labs, and readings were the most helpful. WODs allowed me to apply my skills in a short challenge. The readings were very necessary to understand classwork. The labs were very helpful when learning in class, finishing at home was very difficult but I guess it supplemented my problem solving skills.
