---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 - Progress in Programming
date: 2022-03-30
labels:
  - ITM352
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - JS
---
## E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2
## Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html
This assignment built upon the first assignment to create a login and registration page for the store. In order to reach the invoice page, you’d have to log in or create an account. We had to write numerous validations for both the login and registration that followed certain restrictions such as, passwords must be longer than 8 characters and the email address must be in the email format. 
## What did you learn from this assignment?
I definitely learned a lot of debugging. Since I took lots of inspiration from others and worked it into my code to be compatible there were numerous syntax and semantic errors that I spent a lot of time trying to find. On my edit registration page, I didn’t copy the ending quote for the id element. That really gave me a headache for why the for-loop was only working for the first id and it showed in my github comments.
## Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I didn’t work with a partner and this probably took 3 whole days of work.
## How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
The assignment examples were helpful and the workshop was helpful to follow. I probably needed the most help on editing registration. I understood the concept and I ended up getting it. I think trying to figure out how to track the logged in users without sessions or cookies was confusing to me and I couldn’t find an answer. So I went with a separate edit registration page.
## How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
This one was difficult in a different way. When I was working assignment 1, I felt like I had no idea what was going on with query strings, server side processing, how to be creative in displaying errors, and getting quantities. Honestly, I still feel a bit confused about it but I’ve opted to not think about that for my health. 
Assignment 2 was more “doable” in a way that it wasn’t crazy new stuff. Lots of if statements and we utilized the groundwork laid out previously in assignment 1.
## Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
10% thinking 
20% writing => I wrote and debugged together 
60% debugging => I reworked PLENTY when debugging so i’ll just give it to debugging.
## Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
I think it overall went well, I thought I was more flexible in creation than I thought. I’m still not good at making things sticky or propagating.
## If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I’m satisfied with my performance, maybe just be more careful when copying things around so I don’t spend that much time searching for a rogue quote.
