---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 - Reflecting on Assignment 3
date: 2022-05-12
labels:
  - ITM352
  - HTML
  - Javascript
---
https://youtu.be/lHCDJI4wES8

## Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
My system is a store that sells boba like milk tea, fruit tea, and smoothies. There is also a small selection of cakes for fun.
## Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
A notable shortcoming is the favorites didn’t work well, didn’t toggle checked or not, and would display all the items in the array before it even if they weren’t checked. 

EDIT: Please note that this was written after I had gotten the favorites to add to cart and subsequently given up. I DID IT. So my updated shortcoming is that the favorites don't go away when added to the cart. 
## Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I am most proud that it is actually working. I am extremely proud of the IR4 and that I got it to work after I was ready to give up. 
## Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I’m least happy with some of the css and displayed things. I compromised on areas such as the email invoice and favorites table. It looks ugly but does the job.
## How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
It took even more time but with so much less code. Even the add to favorites which I thought was going to be incredibly drawn out and difficult was quite short.
Update: After going back and completing IR4, my statements are more than ever true. The code that made it all work properly was like 2 if-statements. ugh.
## When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
I spent a lot of time working through problems. I was coming at all angles when things didn’t work. If there were error messages I had to stop and think about what it means and where it's coming from. After it didn't work I took a break, which was often walking my dog and I could theorize possible ways of solving the issue.
## Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
I think implementing the code examples worked very well for me and it was very helpful. Asking for help worked well too.
## Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
Inventory management.
## What did you learn from doing this assignment?
I learned that loadjson can also send data and not just receive, this was crucial in beginning my individual requirement.
## If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
I’d probably bother Professor Port way earlier.
## Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
20% thinking- I did a lot of thinking after writing and failing at debugging. Often when driving(distracted driving 101), walking my dog, and at any moment of peace in my life. It was truly disturbing. I actually woke up at 5 am suddenly with the code flying around my brain to fix my last problem and it worked.
40% writing
40% debugging
 

